# 6WCSERVER-WD-202-Trip-It

I. INTRODUCTION

	A. System Background

	     In this day and age, domestic tourism is gradually returning to normal. According to the article written by Mercurio (2021), MANILA, Philippines — Flying during COVID-19 has increased costs for both airlines and passengers, with individuals paying for testing and carriers paying extra for ground handling and health protocols. In an e-mail conversation with The STAR, AirAsia Philippines said that the average cost of a one-way travel has climbed by 8% since the outbreak, owing mostly to increased ground handling costs, which are based on flight frequency." On the operational side, slow demand recovery due to unpredictable market conditions and different travel and flight frequency constraints of destinations affect frequency planning and cost handling," the low-cost carrier explained.

As stated by Josephs (2021), people are starting to travel again. Prices are also changing. Airfares and hotel rates are rising as travelers return in record numbers after a year of being cooped up, hitting the beaches, mountains, and visiting friends and family. Even the expense of a road trip is rising, with fuel prices at their highest since 2014. Early this spring, the rock-bottom fares experienced during the pandemic's worst days were mostly forgotten. Now that airlines and hotels are preparing for a busy summer season, more bookings are driving up costs even higher. Add in the fact that airlines aren't flying as much as they were pre-pandemic, and travelers should expect some overbooked flights.

Individually, the major motive for travelling has risen because of  how post-Covid-19 travels are rising as an increasing number of people leave their homes for a much-needed vacation or job. That results into having expensive flight tickets and having difficulties in finding travel vouchers. That is where Trip It comes in, it is your go-to traveling agency that makes your traveling problems go away. It is located in Pampanga and gives you the best tour packages and promos with one of the best customer services. Trip It provides you enough information about the destination or the place that the customer wishes to go to. The agency is limited only to bringing people from other countries to the Philippines. Trip It is internationally known and makes sure you have the best time in the Philippines. The agency also recommends to the customer what recreational activities that they can do in the aspired destination. It shows the customer how fun it is to travel and to assure the customer to have the best experience touring around the Philippines. Traveling helps people break up the monotony of daily life and work. For most individuals, life is a frenzied dash from one location to another, from one activity to another, attempting to cram as much as possible into each day. Travelling allows us to unwind, contemplate, and experience the joys of life. Most travelers return home with a fresh perspective, renewed energy, a focused mind, and a stronger determination. However, people nowadays do not locate businesses through telephone directories, and they don't learn about your products and services by ordering a catalogue. They are progressively learning everything they need to know about what you have to offer by going online and using web applications. 

Consequently, the developers chose to combine online booking services into the booking process, allowing you to purchase a ticket to more places you'd want to visit called Trip It. Trip It is a topflight search engine and travel resource. It helps you find flights in the Philippines, get excellent rates, and make flying more convenient. Trip It searches hundreds of airline ticket websites for travel deals to help you choose from a variety of choices. Trip It can also help you locate the cheapest deals faster and make your money's worth, whether you're looking for a last-minute travel or a low-price airline ticket for a later date. 
 
           In accordance with (Park, 2019), due to the complications of travel in the past, the only option was to fly. A travel agency was the best place to get trip information. The complications of the digital era have been reduced. The moment at which a consumer may conduct all his or her research online without the need to contact a travel agency as previously. As a result of this, there has been a paradigm shift, with many of the travel agencies providing internet services. All online travel agencies follow legal rules and regulations, and they specialize in flights, rental cars, hotels, and tour packages. They use an internet platform not only to acquire information, but also to differentiate themselves by being able to provide personalized service. As their specialization, they reserve and pay for services via an internet portal (Coo, 2017). The travel industry has been considered as having the biggest potential to adopt electronic commerce. As a matter of fact, online travel has turned out to be the most successful business of electric commerce.

B. Objectives

 Specific: To manage all the travel requirements of the companies while providing ease and sort of convenience to the customers.
Measurable: Grow the number of monthly customers of Trip It’s travel agency bookings by optimizing our app-store listing and creating targeted social media campaigns.
Achievable: Book rate increase compared to 2021
Relevant: Help the Customers in booking flights and to find low-cost tickets.
Time-Bound: Grow the number of monthly customers of Trip It by 1,000 within Q1 of 2022. This will be accomplished by optimizing our website and creating targeted social media campaigns.
